Add AirGradient DIY Air Quality to cookbook (#1727)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/air_gradient_diy_air_quality_sensor.rst

.. seo::
    :description: AirGradient DIY Air Quality Sensor 
    :image: air_gradient_diy_air_quality_sensor.jpg
    :keywords: Air Quality Sensor DIY 

AirGradient DIY Air Quality Sensor 
==================================

.. figure:: images/air_gradient_diy_air_quality_sensor.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 100.0%

AirGradient has created a DIY Air Quality sensor.
They offer a PCB, PCB + components kit, etc.
A pretty neat package.
To use this you have to run their software but you can use the kit with ESPHome as well!

Here is what it can measure:

- **Temperature**
- **Humidity**
- **Air particles PM2.5**
- **Carbon Dioxide**

Additionally:

- There is a display so show off your data or whatever you desire from Home Assistant

> - You can download a 3D printeable case inkluding a wall mount bracket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can download a 3D printable case including a wall mount bracket
```

ESPHome Configuration
---------------------
Documentation:

- `Blog Article: Measuring Air Quality in your Home Office <https://www.ajfriesen.com/measuring-air-quality-in-your-home-office/>`__
- `ESPHome code with a setup guide for Home Assistant <https://github.com/ajfriesen/ESPHome-AirGradient>`__
- `AirGradient Shop for the PCB or PCB plus components <https://www.airgradient.com/diyshop/>`__
- `AirGradient Setup Guide (3D printeable case, setup guide, etc.) <https://www.airgradient.com/diy/>`__

`YAML configuration <https://github.com/ajfriesen/ESPHome-AirGradient/blob/main/air-gradient.yaml>`__

Soldering and setup video:

.. raw:: html

>     <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Cmr5VNALRAg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Cmr5VNALRAg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
